+++
author = "Tom Counsell & Andrea Kobrlova"
categories = []
date = "2018-06-04T00:00:00+02:00"
description = "2018Q2 Update"
draft = true
featured = "/fullsizeoutput_141.jpg"
featuredalt = ""
featuredpath = "/media/blog"
linktitle = ""
title = "2018Q2 Update"
type = "post"

+++
# Blockchain Hub Prague

### 2018Q2 Update

***

Digital currencies have taken a beating these last 3 months and  latest research is showing that 50% of ICO projects fail within the first 5 months. Yet Blockchain Hub stands resilient!

Our startups are growing quickly! Crowd holding became cash-flow positive last month and Intelligent Trading released it’s first revenue-producing  product. We said goodbye to Aztrana as they consolidated their efforts in Armenia, but also welcomed New Life as the latest member startup joining us. We are very clearly seeing the benefits of working together in one Hub and sharing our skills and new experiences every day at the Hub.

While our startups are hustling, big changes to our environment come too! We welcomed Andrea, who put all her effort into transforming the Hub into a stimulating environment. Within 2 months of joining us, she organised a complete renovation of every room at the office which resulted in a big team building event - and nearly all of you came on the big BuildUP day to help!

Using the potential of our big open space, we reorganised the working areas to fit our current needs and provide more privacy. We filled the Hub with green life and we got equipped with all necessary  administrative support tools, organisers and extra storage space.

In addition, we also modified our two meeting rooms - the newly noise-insulated Satoshi Room now serves also as a break room offering immediate creative subsistence to those who require it. If you are a music soul, you can currently play the piano and  the guitar in our office, and if you’re an activity seeker you may use a boxing bag or play darts when you feel like. Sidechain Room on the contrary became an alternative quiet room where you can relax on the sofa, read a book in a hammock or admire the peacefulness of our new mural created by our Hub designer, Veronika! We set up our Blockchain Hub Shared Library that we are happily filling with new inspirational and educational pieces from areas like personal development, programming, AI and food for thought every week! Make sure to check the Library Trello board if you haven’t done that so far: [https://trello.com/b/2BNIMgwh](https://trello.com/b/2BNIMgwh) .

The team building day only confirmed how strong we can be as a team and how beneficial it is to be able to rely on each other and cooperate. Every contribution has been extremely valid and thanks to **ALL of you**, we have a brighter, more practical and more beautiful office space!

# Changes Ahead

Blockchain Hub is less than a year old and still finding it’s footing in Prague  so expect to continues to see more big plans and changes ahead.

1. We are trying to establish a strategic operational network in crucial areas of business such as legal, accounting, crypto banking and other, in order to create a stable background for the Hub and the  incubated and cooperating startups.
2. In May we succeeded with the actual transfer of all Hub ownership rights to Tom. Since both Tom and Ben are currently going through a VISA process - we can look forward to having them both full-time in the Hub.
3. Ethan has stepped up to serve as Director of Partnerships and Community for the Hub and would like to use his talent and strength to bring new promising projects and people in, and expand the Hub’s network in general.
4. The Hub has entered into a business partnership with Zcoin, Thai startup focused on private financial transactions enabled by the Zerocoin Protocol. We have welcomed in the Hub Coin’s solidity developer Tadhg Riordan who had an interesting talk as a part of a meet up hosted by Blockchain Hub.
5. We started to organise and host regular meet ups for crypto traders on behalf of Intelligent Trading Foundation. We are also planning to consolidate our efforts with Crowdholding and coordinate regular educational and networking meet ups in the near future!

# Big Thanks

All that we have accomplished so far would not have been possible without the help of many of you. The extra effort did not go unnoticed! It was greatly appreciated and worth a recognition, so thanks to…

* **Alexander** for helping with all the things that are hard for short people and for giving a hand to Andrea to make all her extra little plans come true!
* **Andrea** - for leading the BuildUP and for making everything in the Hub run so smoothly - even the printing of this paper you are holding!
* **Henry** for starting the #donut group on Slack and helping to break the ice on everyone getting to know each other. Also for the omnipresent effort to keep our office environment peaceful and in harmony!
* **Veronika**, Hub’s artistic soul, for the wall mural and all her help with the Hub’s branding and art work. You rock!
* And last but not least to **Tom** for believing in his crew and backing up Blockchain Hub in every possible way despite not being able to stay physically present at all times.