+++
author = "Tom Counsell"
categories = []
date = "2018-04-02T00:00:00+02:00"
description = "2018Q1 Update"
featured = "/R0024537.jpg"
featuredalt = "Crowdholding crew shopping for the first Blockchain Hub furniture."
featuredpath = ""
linktitle = ""
title = "2018Q1 Update"
type = "post"

+++
# Blockchain Hub Prague

### 2018Q1 Update

***

On August 29th, 2017, Ethan Clime and Tom Counsell exchanged emails for the first time…

“We are new in Prague and looking for a startup environment to get involved with.” —Tom C.

“\[We\] would like to move to a new spot and bring other interested blockchain startups to join us because we are in the same boat. All the startups at our current location are just local basic ideas. We definitely want to get our own space to share with other businesses like yourself.” —Ethan C.

“We have much in common! …I am hunting for office space starting next week and am willing to invest in helping create a larger space for several blockchain startups.” —Tom C.

With that vision in place, it was only a couple meetings and beers before Blockchain Hub was born!

Of course with any new business, there are challenges when starting something new that we’ve never done before. We followed bad advice from some local agencies, we quickly leased an office space before confirming the cost-sharing agreements, and Tom ran into visa complications that kept him away for 3 months. These things slowed down progress building up the office environment and local presence.

But we also did many things right! We built a kitchen from nothing and bootstrapped the building of desks, meeting rooms, and decor. The Crowdholding team took the lead on managing hosting events and ITF purchased much of the office equipment. Eventually, we hired Blockchain Hub’s first full-time staff, Andrea, and then several part-time team members that are strong additions to our community and talent pool.

The Hub is also getting a lot of attention now and we have startups and VCs reaching out to join or partner with us. We have launched a quick website to represent the Hub _www.blockchainhubprague.com_ and also email addresses _andrea@blockchainhubprague.com_ and _tom@blockchainhubprague.com_ are available for connecting. Blockchain Hub is quickly becoming a strong leader in tech, damp development, and startup business success! 💪 🚀 🤘

# Changes Ahead

This is still early days for Blockchain Hub and we have many big
changes coming soon!

1. Tom is stepping up to serve as the new director of Blockchain Hub and investing more money into seeing the office and business grow.
2. You’ve seen many small improvements (printer/scanner, music, logo on the outside door, meeting rooms have names, all-office Slack channel, etc). These came from your ideas and suggestions and we are still listening and improving!
3. Andrea, Veronika, and Janine are organising a big #buildUP
   event for next month. This means we are bringing in new
   furniture and decor to renovate our space into a more fun space.
4. We’ve been asked to host more startups and provide ICO
   services ($50k+ contracts). Be ready for a possible big growth
   period and hiring when these opportunities come.
5. We have seen a 3-month bear market with the price of BTC and ETH falling, and the whole crypto market losing over 40% in March alone! This makes roadmaps and budgets difficult for ICO-funded projects, so we are prioritising advisory services in the next quarter.

# Big Thanks

All that we have accomplished so far would not have been possible without help from you. The extra effort did not go unnoticed! Thanks to everyone at the hub and especially to…

* Milan for finding our office space, negotiating the rent and managing the finances.
* Anne for legwork setting up the office with desks, chairs, kitchen and bathroom supplies and custom standing desks.
* Aleks for bringing the sofa, rug and setting up the initial meeting room reservation whiteboards.
* Veronika for providing most all the design and art direction from the beginning of the Hub.
* Janine and Andrea for organising HR and legal.