+++
author = "Andrea Kobrlova"
categories = []
date = "2018-10-02T02:00:00+02:00"
description = ""
draft = true
featured = "/itf-sy-team-1024x682.jpg"
featuredalt = "Intelligent Trading Foundation and their Prague based team."
featuredpath = ""
linktitle = ""
title = "2018Q3 Update"
type = "post"

+++
# Blockchain Hub Prague

### 2018Q3 Update

***

The time has come to share another batch of exciting things which have happened in the Blockchain Hub incubator over the last quarter. We are very proud to see that our professional network is growing and our startups continue to develop their efforts.

**New Life** has experienced a wonderful success at the EOS Hackathon in London. For Sofiane Delloue, it was the third EOS Hackathon he participated in, and again third time, his team went with their project up to the finals - giving Sofiane the opportunity to present in front of judges and investors. The attention from EOS and Sofiane’s tireless approach and effort brought New Life listing among EOS decentralised apps.

**Crowdholding** has successfully onboard another batch of excellent interns - Community Manager **Maria Silantyeva**, Social Media Intern **Ekaterina Vaganova**, and **Huong Vo**, who joined the Customer Excellence Team. We believe that they will enjoy valuable work experience and help Crowdholding on their exciting business journey. Along with the growing team, Crowdholding is innovating in the crowdsourcing space. Stepping away from traditional crowdsourced voting systems, Crowdholding now rewards people for taking the time to read and vote on content.

**Intelligent Trading Foundation** got accepted to the Startup Yard accelerator program, Startup Yard is part of the Global Accelerator Network (GAN). Based in Prague, Startup Yard is Central Europe’s Leading Accelerator for Technology Startups. In September, ITF met with dozens of mentors who provided great feedback on how to grow the company and provide their community with an incredible product. The program has been very rewarding, and they’re extremely excited about the future and taking ITF to the next level.

The European and Asian-based parts of the **ITF** team gathered in Prague in September and enjoyed a great team building event. On Thursday we started with an amusing crafty evening entertained by a Cuban clown Julio. There was a Blockchain Hub barbecue party on Friday, where all the startups and other members of our professional network gathered. We topped it up on Saturday with an amazing escooter Prague tour, boat lunch, and medieval dinner. Thanks everyone who took part, because you made it truly memorable!

**ZCoin** has officially joined Blockchain Hub and we welcomed their Irish solidity developer Tadhg Riordan in our Karlín office. He is going to stay in Prague for a few months and we are very happy that our environment has grown with another bright mind!

**Blockchain Hub** has also widened its team - **Benjamin Lakoff** has joined as a Head of Finance and Strategy. Ben is an entrepreneur and finance professional. He has developed strong global finance experience through 10 years of international assignments in the US, Brazil, Afghanistan, Southeast Asia, Czech Republic and through the award of his Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) certification. He has broad and diverse experience across various finance roles including corporate finance, mergers & acquisitions, equity markets, and banking. Ben is passionate about cryptocurrencies and been investing in blockchain-related startups, helping create Satang Pro, Blockchain Hub Prague, and Intelligent Trading Foundation. We wish him good luck at his new position! :)

As mentioned above, Blockchain Hub network has grown a well and we are very glad we could have welcome **Jan Krasňan** who agreed to join our community as a financial advisor. His Corporate Finance experience spans over a decade in NYC, London and Prague where he helped tens of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in various situations, worked directly with senior management & shareholders to achieve their goals and solve problems.

Jan has also connected us with a certified accountant and tax advisor **Ing. Eva Dalibábová**, who has been doing excellent job taking care of Blockchain Hub’s accounting and helped process Blockchain Hub’s VAT registration which has been approved at the end of August.

Another partnership we are proud of is our cooperation with **Wolf** **Theiss** - international legal representatives who provide client-focused and industry-driven advice in all core areas of commercial law, corporate law, mergers and acquisitions, banking and finance, real estate, competition and dispute resolution. Their insights and expertise are helping to make businesses throughout CEE/SEE successful already for 20 years.

In the near future, we are planning to continue our efforts, organise many more meetups and networking events to promote both Blockchain Hub and its startups. We are hoping that with the new forces joining our team we will be able to grow our organisation and establish a rightful presence for Blockchain Hub in Prague.